Watch "Jeopardy!", Alex Trebek's fun TV quiz game.
Harry, jogging quickly, axed zen monks with beef vapor.
My girl wove six dozen plaid jackets before she quit.
How vexingly quick daft zebras jump!
Pack my box with five dozen liquor jugs.
Turgid saxophones blew over Mick's jazzy quaff.
Quixotic jugglers repent; wave away fake methods and brazen mishaps.
Five or six big jet planes zoomed quickly by the tower.
The jay, pig, fox, zebra and my wolves quack!
Six crazy kings vowed to abolish my quite pitiful jousts.
By Jove, my quick study of lexicography won a prize!
Patchwork quilt just muzzles baffled young vixen.
The wizard quickly jinxed the gnomes before they vaporized.
Two driven jocks help fax my big quiz.
Blowzy night-frumps vex'd Jack Q.
The five boxing wizards jumped quickly.
Foxy diva Jennifer Lopez wasn't baking my quiche.
Q-kelt vug dwarf combs jynx phiz.
Brick quiz whangs jumpy veldt fox!
Sympathizing would fix Quaker objectives.
Waxy and quivering, jocks fumble the pizza.
Viewing quizzical abstracts mixed up hefty jocks.
Fred specialized in the job of making very quaint wax toys.
Quick fox jumps nightly above wizard.
The quick brown fox jumps over a lazy dog.
All questions asked by five watched experts amaze the judge.
Mr. Jock, TV quiz PhD., bags few lynx.
Farmer jack realized that big yellow quilts were expensive.
B, C, F, G, H, I, J, K, M, O, P, Q, U, V, W, X, Y, and Z are letters.
Fake bugs put in wax jonquils drive him crazy.
Amazingly few discotheques provide jukeboxes.
We promptly judged antique ivory buckles for the next prize.
Big July earthquakes confound zany experimental vow.
GQ's oft lucky whiz Dr. J, ex-NBA MVP.
Jackdaws love my big sphinx of quartz.
We have just quoted on nine dozen boxes of gray lamp wicks.
Grumpy wizards make toxic brew for the evil Queen and Jack.
Back in June we delivered oxygen equipment of the same size.
Quick zephyrs blow, vexing daft Jim.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
This Pangram contains four a's, one b, two c's, one d, thirty e's, six f's, five g's, seven h's, eleven i's, one j, one k, two l's, two m's, eighteen n's, fifteen o's, two p's, one q, five r's, twenty-seven s's, eighteen t's, two u's, seven v's, eight w's, two x's, three y's, & one z.
Quick wafting zephyrs vex bold Jim.
Sixty zippers were quickly picked from the woven jute bag.
Fickle jinx bog dwarves spy math quiz.
Jump by vow of quick, lazy strength in Oxford.
TV quiz drag nymphs blew JFK cox.
His quick lynx paw grazed my tuft, by jove!
Puzzled women bequeath jerks very exotic gifts.
May Jo equal the fine record by solving six puzzles a week?
The five boxing wizards jump quickly.
All questions asked by five watch experts amazed the judge.
When zombies arrive, quickly fax Judge Pat.
How quickly daft jumping zebras vex.
Woven silk pyjamas exchanged for blue quartz.
The exodus of jazzy pigeons is craved by squeamish walkers.
Go, lazy fat vixen; be shrewd, jump quick.
A quick movement of the enemy will jeopardize six gunboats.
The quick onyx goblin jumps over the lazy dwarf.
Glib jocks quiz nymph to vex dwarf.
Public junk dwarves hug my quartz fox.
Jeb quickly drove a few extra miles on the glazed pavement.
A wizard's job is to vex chumps quickly in fog.
Jaded zombies acted quaintly but kept driving their oxen forward.
Brown jars prevented the mixture from freezing too quickly.
Verily the dark ex-Jew quit Zionism, preferring the cabala.
Five big quacking zephyrs jolt my wax bed.
Dumpy kibitzer jingles as exchequer overflows.
Cwm fjord-bank glyphs vext quiz.
Quizzical twins proved my hijack-bug fix!
Five wine experts jokingly quizzed sample Chablis.
Six big devils from Japan quickly forgot how to waltz.
A boy, Max, felt quick during his hazy weaving jumps.
The job of waxing linoleum frequently peeves chintzy kids.
Hick Jed wins quiz for extra blimp voyage.
Sphinx of black quartz, judge my vow.
Exquisite farm wench gives body jolt to prize stinker.
How razorback jumping frogs can level six piqued gymnasts.
Crazy Fredrick bought many very exquisite opal jewels.
Playing jazz vibe chords quickly excites my wife.
Brawny gods just flocked up to quiz and vex him.
Squdgy fez, blank jimp crwth vox!
Many-wived Jack laughs at probes of sex quiz.
A quivering Texas zombie fought republic linked jewelry.
Waltz, nymph, for quick jigs vex Bud.
A large fawn jumped quickly over white zinc boxes.
Freight to me sixty dozen quart jars and twelve black pans.
Mix Zapf with Veljovic and get quirky Beziers.
Just keep examining every low bid quoted for zinc etchings.
William Jex quickly caught five dozen Republicans.
Five quacking zephyrs jolt my wax bed.
Jack amazed a few girls by dropping the antique onyx vase!
Jim quickly realized that the beautiful gowns are expensive.
My grandfather picks up quartz and valuable onyx jewels.
Jay visited back home and gazed upon a brown fox and quail.
West quickly gave Bert handsome prizes for six juicy plums.
Grumpy wizards make a toxic brew for the jovial queen.
